hey I'm Ben Wallace we're just about
getting ready to start the soup around
finals for pro you know I'm site that
I've got further in the qualification so
I'm going to be riding in the last group
and as you can see from behind me you
know the super am it's a lot different
to the meeting wraps spine it's got two
spines as a jump as well as the jump box
and it's also got like a quarter wall
ride that you can use for another hour
part of the ramp so it's it's different
something that's different and it mixes
things up see what's going to go on
the traditional mini spine is gone for
2010 and to mix it up a few additions
were made to make the super ramp this
ramp is huge with a ton of possibilities
there's two spines a shorty in a monster
and here you'll see all sorts of action
360 double whips for example there's
also a huge perk wall and then there's
the sub box here you're going to see all
sorts of action on there and it's going
to get interesting for these guys the
sub box is a mainstay you got to keep
that thing around that keeps things
challenging
the newest addition is the jump box
which is supremely unusual for a ramp
set up like this this feature will
launch the lads and we'll see all kinds
of sick flip whips and variations
being just the start of it the test for
the riders here is not the size of the
rampant keeping the flow first rider in
for us today Mad Dog Bret bonus image
from the USA who is absolutely a phenom
he is 15 years old the rock this ramp of
bits and pieces throwing down a great
run let's watch us a little bit huge
flair whip let's look at that again oh
that was pretty does it get any better
than that unfortunately for Mad Dog it
does he takes 6 place in the super ramp
today yeah I thought my run was great
all three of them were good and I was
psyched to pull my last trick laundress
ledge from the Czech Republic on porous
right now airs over the mini spined big
tail whip 3 over the big spine
setting up for Best Trick action here Oh
throws out of front flair to the big
Bert wall outstanding from Andhra sledge
so I just did Trey cold front flip flour
is basically from cleburne 180 so this
was my first second try so I pull it I'm
so I'm so excited thank you so hundra
you're welcome okay next up Ben Wallace
from the UK he's been at this game for a
while there's the big spine over to the
small spine with a nosedive three huge
transfer to the vert wall and then he
goes for the backflip Superman and that
was outstandingly extended Wow Ben
Wallace on fire and the people here are
loving it famous rock that got him a
best trick run as well DS plus the
deadhead michael baron from the czech
republic dropping in nice except three
over the spine tailwhip three over the
smallest fine on the other side oh look
at this he's throwing it down there's a
flare need to see tell me
truck driver over the spine generating
some speed flair with oh my goodness
michael baron from the czech republic
and he was just pushed into this contest
by a three of his buddies and he is
absolutely rocking it and my friend say
yeah go on so I ryedale Phil I'm a
pretty happy right now beside a next
time the next time I go like this one I
pull my first trick 360 power whip over
spine so I'm excited don't want to say
thanks please a mainstay on the spine is
marc webb this year however he's not
riding that's the more thing you know i
love the traditional media inspiring
we're taking it back to the days with
alex bender jamie rahn Davis I you know
like that's what that's my roof that's
where I come from and are I believe in a
traditional mini ramp spawn
baby I don't know he didn't want to come
in the super ramp so I don't know I miss
him I feel like it's not the same
without him you know venezuela's Daniel
dares is dropping in right now and he is
a machine double tailwhip three over the
jump box up onto the vert wall and he is
already showing it and he has got a
great run going so far look at this lays
out a beautiful corked up three over the
jump box truck driver over the small
spine people here love Daniel dares
because he always puts on a great show
then you'll drop in one more time to put
it down one last run airs out for
something special push with nice and
that was so delayed Daniel dare rocketed
all right next up another UK prodigy
Alex full born from down in the cold
lands 900 on the far side of the spine
on about the shortest part of the ramp
you can possibly imagine look at that
nails it double tailwhip alex is
absolutely putting on a clinic a massive
flair on the far side look at how high
he goes head height plus a little bit
rodeos over top of the box beautiful
he couldn't quite nail this though the
flare the foot jam stall however Alex
takes the top spot the win here at the
Masters yeah I'm good this is my first
time being here so this gets come away
with a win so snappy of it
all right there you go the results Alex
Coburn takes the win Daniel there
sickened and michael baron from the
czech republic being forced into the
competition pulls in a third all right
let's take it over to the dirt